Drain partial offset commit batches on upstream failure (#1058)
akka/alpakka-kafka: docs/src/main/paradox/consumer.md

Java
: @@ snip [snip](/tests/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/ConsumerExampleTest.java) { #atLeastOnce }

> Committing the offset for each message (`withMaxBatch(1)`) as illustrated above is rather slow. It is recommended to batch the commits for better throughput, in such cases when upstream fails partial batches are committed thus significantly reducing number of re-deliveries in case of failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Committing the offset for each message (`withMaxBatch(1)`) as illustrated above is rather slow. It is recommended to batch the commits for better throughput, in cases when upstream fails the `Committer` will try to commit the offsets collected before the error.
```
